# CRITICAL-ANALYSIS-OF-PROJECT-MANAGEMENT-DURING-THE-USAGE-OF-BIG-DATA


We live in an electronic, digitally mediated age. New technologies and new sources of data have emerged in the past few years, particularly in relation to electronic data. Analysis of everyday resources which we use in making our observations can have a huge impact on resource allocation and overall productivity.
Big data helps in increasing speed of project intelligence that can enable effective analysis through which project managers can use business intelligence tools to execute projects. Through the aid of big data, project managers can maintain their working principle regarding projects that can be helpful for project members.
First chapter comes up with aim to find the impact of big data analysis in project operations to maintain accuracy and flexibility. It can help in identifying actual requirements for handling big data applications and analysis to improve efficiency in resource and project management. It can also develop knowledge about criteria of big data analysis within project activities.
Second chapter is a literature review of the impact of Big Data and other relevant technologies towards Project Management across varied industries and fields. It’s an extensive study in the fields of Manufacturing, Supply Chain, where automated models were utilized for process handling and decision making.
Third chapter aims to analyse impact of suitable selection of procedures for information collection regarding big data in improvising management in companies. It identifies Qualitative research methods followed by instrumentation that aid in meeting research aims and objectives. 3 Project Managers and 1 Machine Learning Engineer from different companies were interviewed to better understand about projects, their execution and the Big Data models as revenue generating platforms.
Fourth chapter concludes the study by interpreting information from the Qualitative data gathered and how the study addressed its Research Objectives and Research Questions.
